New section on ICMP (#249)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

internals of QUIC's operation as those mechanisms can change, e.g., due to the
use of extensions.

## Handling ICMP Messages

Datagram Packetization Layer PMTU Discovery (PLPMTUD) can be used by QUIC to
probe for the supported PMTU. PLPMTUD optionally uses ICMP messages (e.g.,
IPv6 Packet Too Big messages). Given known attacks with the use of ICMP messages,
the use of PLPMTUD in QUIC has been designed to safely use but not rely on
receiving ICMP feedback (see {{Section 14.2.1. of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).

Networks are recommended to forward these ICMP messages and retain as much of
the original packet as possible without exceeding the minimum MTU for the IP

> version when generating ICMP messages as recommended in {{RFC1812, RFC4443}}.

Author: ```suggestion
version when generating ICMP messages as recommended in {{RFC1812}} {{RFC4443}}.
```

> version when generating ICMP messages as recommended in {{(RFC1812, RFC4443)}}.

Author: ```suggestion
version when generating ICMP messages as recommended in {{RFC1812, RFC4443}}.
```

> version when generating ICMP messages as recommended in {{RFC1812}} {{RFC4443}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version when generating ICMP messages as recommended in {{RFC1812}} and {{RFC4443}}.
```

internals of QUIC's operation as those mechanisms can change, e.g., due to the
use of extensions.

## Handling ICMP Messages

Datagram Packetization Layer PMTU Discovery (PLPMTUD) can be used by QUIC to

> probe for the supported PMTU. PLPMTUD optionally use ICMP messages (e.g.,

Reviewer 2: /optionally use/can optionally use/ or /optionally uses/

> probe for the supported PMTU. PLPMTUD optionally use ICMP messages (e.g.,

Author: ```suggestion
probe for the supported PMTU. PLPMTUD optionally uses ICMP messages (e.g.,
```

> IPv6 Packet Too Big messages). Given know attacks with the use of ICMP messages,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IPv6 Packet Too Big messages). Given known attacks with the use of ICMP messages,
```

> the use of PLPMTUD in QUIC has been designed to safely utilise received ICMP
> but do not rely upon them to function (see section 14.2.1. of
> {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the use of PLPMTUD in QUIC has been designed to safely use but not rely on
receiving ICMP feedback (see {{Section 14.2.1. of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).
```

Networks are recommended to forward these ICMP messages and retain as much of
the original packet as possible without exceeding the minimum MTU for the IP

> version when generating ICMP messages as recommended in {{(RFC1812, RFC4443)}}.

Reviewer 3: Wow, I didn't realize that this syntax was even possible.  I might have to use that in future.

Author: Actually is not. The build is broken and I didn't check that yesterday. But would be nice...
